The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F.
A hamlet is a village without a church and a town is not a city until it has a cathedral.
The Falkland Isles (pop. about 2000) has over 700000 sheep (350 per person).
A male emperor moth can smell a female emperor moth up to 7 miles away.
Karoke means empty orchestra in Japanese.
Hannibal had only one eye after getting a disease while attacking Rome.
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes.
One in seven workers in Boston, Massachusetts walks to work.
3
Residents of Houston, Texas lead the U.S. in eating out - approximately 4.6 times per week.
Go. is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
Sailfish can leap out of the water and into the air at a speed of 50 miles (81 km) per hour.
In Italy, 17 is considered an unlucky number. In Japan, 4 is considered an unlucky number.
In Jasmine, Saskatchewan, it is illegal for a cow to moo within 300 km of a private home.
Every minute 47 bibles are sold or distributed throughout the world.
Buckingham Palace has over 600 rooms.
In Utah, it is illegal to swear in front of a dead person.
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin!
According to Genesis 1:20-22, the chicken came before the egg.
In Quebec, there is an old law that states margarine must be a different color than butter.
No one really knows when donuts were invented or who invented them.
Porcupines float in water.
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Golf the only sport played on the moon – on 6 February 1971 Alan Shepard hit a golf ball.
The odds of being born male are about 51.2%, according to census.
A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate.
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting the event.
The toothbrush was invented in China in 1498.
The original name for butterfly was flutterby.
It takes one fifteen-to-twenty-year-old tree to produce seven hundred paper grocery bags.
The consumption of natural vanilla causes the body to release catecholamines (including adrenalin) – for this reason it is considered to be mildly addictive.
A scholar who studies the Marquis de Sade is called a Sadian not a Sadist.
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
There are about 450 types of cheese in the world. 240 come from France.
A group of rhinos are called a crash.
All snow crystals are hexagonal.
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
Eating lemons make you live longer.
The ZIP in 'ZIP code' means Zoning Improvement Plan.
Denmark has twice as many pigs as there are people.
Respiratory Disease is China's leading cause of death.
Baby Ruth candy bar was named after Grover Cleveland’s daughter, Ruth, not the baseball player.
Spain leads the world in cork production
The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing.
All gondolas in Venice, Italy must be painted black, unless they belong to a high official.
The largest NFL stadium is the Pontiac Silverdome in Detroit, Michigan.
Hummingbirds are so agile and have such good control that they can fly backwards.
By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.
A snake has no ears. But its tongue is extremely sensitive to sound vibrations. By flicking its tongue, a snake can pick up sound waves-so a snake 'hears with his tongue...sort of!
It was discovered on a space mission that a frog can throw up. The frog throws up its stomach first, so the stomach is dangling out of its mouth. Then the frog uses its forearms to dig out all of the stomach's contents and then swallows the stomach back down.
Armadillos are the only animal besides humans that can get leprosy.
In France, a five year old child can buy an alcoholic drink in a bar
A shrimp’s heart is in it’s head.
Archery is the national sport in Bhutan,a Buddhist country in Asia.
Iguanas, koalas and Komodo dragons all have two penises.
A species of earthworm in Australia grows up to 10 feet in length.
If each count were one second long, it would take about twelve days to count to a million and thirty-two years to count to a billion.
98% of Japanese are cremated.
Michigan was the first state to have roadside picnic tables.
In honour if Johan Vaaler, inventor of the paper clip, a 221/2 paper clip was erected in Oslo, Norway.
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.
In every episode of 'Seinfeld' there is a Superman picture or reference somewhere.
When Chuck Norris was born, the only person crying was the doctor. You NEVER slap Chuck Norris.
Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters 'MT'.
Hawaiian words do not contain consonant clusters. For example, Kahlua is not a hawaiian word.
Unlike humans, sheep have four stomachs, each one helps them digest the food they eat.
Anne Boleyn, Queen Elizabeth I's mother, had six fingers on one hand.
Frank Lloyd Wright's son invented Lincoln Logs.
If the air conditioning at the Astrodome in Houston were turned off, it would rain inside the stadium due to the entrance of humid air.
Before 1859, umpires sat in a padded rocking chair behind the catcher
There are more than 40,000 characters in the Chinese script.
After eating, the housefly regurgitates its food and eats it again.
Even when a snake has its eyes closed, it can still see through its eyelids.
Approximately 98% of software in China is pirated.
Jeff Daniels was only paid $50,000 for the movie "Dumb and Dumber". Jim Carrey was paid $7 million.
A cockroach will live nine days without it’s head, before it starves to death.
Italy didn't have tomatoes and India didn't have peppers until the Americas were discovered
England is smaller than New England.
In ancient Rome, commoners would evacuate entire cities in acts of revolt called "Secessions of the Plebeians", leaving the elite in the cities to fend for themselves
In the U.S, Frisbees outsell footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined.
Abercrombie & Fitch offered the cast of Jersey Shore "substantial payment" to stop wearing their brand
Hair is made from the same substance as fingernails.
It is believed that Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
Your skull is made up of 29 different bones.
Almost is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
The volume of the earth's moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean.
Montpelier, Vermont is the only state capital without a McDonalds.
According to British law passed in 1845, attempting to commit suicide was a capital offense. Offenders could be hanged for trying.
Carnivorous animals will not eat another animal that has been hit by a lightning strike.
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
Because of heavy traffic congestion, Julius Caesar banned all wheeled vehicles from Rome during daylight hours.
Despite a population of over a billion, China has only about 200 family names.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
The 'pound' key on your keyboard () is called an octotroph.
Well, there are 3,000 kinds of lice. Yes, it is the lice we are prone to get due to lack of hair hygiene.
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
All of the clocks in the movie 'Pulp Fiction' are stuck on 4:20.
Donkeys kill more people than plane crashes.
Sherlock Holmes NEVER said, 'Elementary, my dear Watson.'
There is a city called Rome in every continent.
The surface of the human skin is 6.5 square feet (2m).
